#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via django-helusers
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-json-editor
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-nine
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
django-admin-json-editor==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-sortable2==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.3
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nine==0.2.7
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   drf-oidc-auth
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
future==0.18.3
    # via pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via requests
lxml==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   django-nine
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via social-auth-core
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   django-helusers
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   ecdsa
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via django
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
